[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Here's our exercise.
You're gonna get to do almost
exactly what we just did but
in a slightly more sophisticated way,
okay?
Question, where is the next call?
It is inside of the dot dot dot
iterator or inside of the for of loop.
The dot dot dot iterator and the for
of loop automatically consume
an iterator until its completion.
So they automatically loop over it and
call the dot next call and pull
out its value and all that stuff for you.
>> Speaker 2: So
if you accidentally did the on something
that never stopped generating,
you'd have a stack overflow real fast.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's exactly right.
If you called a dot dot dot
on a while true generator,
you're going to lock up your program.
It's going to go forever, okay.
>> Kyle Simpson: Exercise five,
I want you to define a numbers
object that is iterable.
And by default it should start
at position or
at the value at the number zero.
Going by 1s up to and including 100.
But I also want it to be able
to make my own custom iterator
which can customize where to start,
what increment to use and
where to end.
>> Kyle Simpson: So,
you're gonna wanna to make yourself
an iterator generator here that
does this looping and yielding out
of numbers and all that other stuff.
But you're also going to want to make
that thing be able to take arguments.
So that you can make a custom iterator
if you want to call it manually.
So this example, example five is
designed to actually weave together
almost everything that
we've talked about today.
It's on purpose.
Because the correct solution to this
will include, obviously, generators.
It's gonna include iterators.
It's gonna include symbols.
It's gonna include concise properties or
methods.
It's gonna include,
>> Kyle Simpson: Object
destructuring in the parameter list.
It's gonna include defaults.
It's gonna include blocks scoping.
So all of the things that we've
talked about in little bits and
pieces fit together in
this one little example.
Now that might sound like
a really daunting exercise.
Until I tell you the sum total of
lines of code that you need to write
to solve this exercise is
under ten lines of code, okay?
So there's not a lot of code to write.
You just have to figure out of all
the stuff that we've talked about today,
how do I bring all those different
pieces together to make this,
these two for loops work correctly, okay?
Yes.
>> Speaker 3: Will you cover what
happens when you cull a next with a value?
>> Kyle Simpson: I'm not going to cover
that today because that's getting
into more advanced generator usage.
It sends the value in and replaces
the yield expression and stuff but
that's beyond the scope of
what we're going to talk about
today.
>> Kyle Simpson: This is our last and
final exercise.
That's why it's pulling in everything.
About the only thing we don't
really pull in is template strings.
I couldn't figure out a way
to use template strings here.
Other than that, try to figure out all
the stuff that we've talked about,
how to weave all that stuff in.